(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(dramatic music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Tai, Kari, and the
other Digi-destined,
alongside their
Digimon partners,
head to a new stage
in their adventure.
On a continent where only
the strong can survive,
Tai and Agumon are
plunged into a battle
against vicious and
carnivorous Digimon.
Fighting on the verge of death
and surpassing their
previous limit,
Tai and Agumon finally activated
and awakened an
unknown digivolution.
(dramatic music)
[Tai] WarGreymon.
I feel overwhelming power.
(footsteps pattering)
Tai!
Oh, thank goodness you're okay.
What a digivolution!
How did you two pull it off?
I don't know.
I guess we didn't really
have much of a choice.
[Woodmon 1] What is this?
[Woodmon 2] I don't know.
(Woodmon grumbling)
(footsteps pattering)
Is something wrong?
Well, something strange, anyway.
WarGreymon, thanks
to your return,
I'm back with my memories.
I can now remember the
ancient time spent with you.
(beaming sound)
(sound waves vibrating)
(somber music)
(metal clanging)
Huh?
Wait a second.
Who are you?
I'm Lopmon.
That is my name in
this current life.
I am but a remnant
of the Army of Light,
who once fought valiantly
in the ancient war with you.
(Tai gasping)
Did you say ancient war?
(Ghoulmons exploding)
(somber music)
[Lopmon] WarGreymon,
along with the Digi-destined
child beside him.
Your fearless courage to fight
is what lit the path to
this new digivolution.
Which means you
have successfully
digivolved even further
into a Mega Digimon.
(Agumon groaning)
Agumon!
Are you okay?
Well, I could go for a bite.
(all laughing)
(footsteps thudding)
No way!
Thanks a million!
Your digivolutions
are a miraculous skill
only made possible by the
bond that you two share.
Because it is such
a great power,
that form cannot be
sustained for long.
Huh?
(lightning cracking)
That's black lightning.
The telltale sign
of a new darkness.
A new darkness.
We heard a mysterious voice
at the temple on
the Cloud Continent
and a Digimon with shining
wings told us this story.
Said there was
once an ancient war
that raged between
light and darkness,
and both sides
perished in the battle,
or so we thought.
But now it sounds like a
new darkness is coming.
And so, the only ones
who can stop it are us,
the Digi-destined and
our partner Digimon.
I see you have already
received Valdurmon's guidance.
Such a great Digimon
who fought in battle,
and led the Army of
Light along with me.
But there is something
you should know.
One of the keystones
in the past war
was WarGreymon's appearance
and the awakening of my
ancient war memories.
Darkness will not
overlook this matter.
(suspenseful music)
(lightning cracking)
(Bakemon growling)
(Bakemon screaming)
Huh?
I knew it.
We must evacuate this
location as soon as possible.
(Lopmon yelling)
(trees crunching)
(suspenseful music)
[Agumon] Wow!
[Biyomon] How did you do that?
(Tai gasping)
[Tai] What are those things?
They're trouble.
[Biyomon] There's
so many of them.
(Woodmon grunting)
[Sora] Are those ghosts?
Incorrect.
Those are Bakemon.
(Bakemon screaming)
Okay, I'm out.
(Bakemon growling)
(Sora and Biyomon panting)
(Woodmon groaning)
Be careful.
They are the frontline
troops of the new darkness.
Wait, oh, hold on, are
they targeting you?
Of course, but the
same applies to you.
(all gasping)
(Bakemon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Pepper Breath!
Spiral Twister!
Tiny Twister!
(suspenseful music)
We have to keep on moving.
Just follow me and
don't look back.
(all panting)
What if he come after us?
(Sora gasping)
(Lopmon screaming)
(air whooshing)
Wait, isn't this-
What you are seeing
are my memories
sent to your consciousness.
(all gasping)
(exploding sounds)
I remember this now.
The war we saw back on
the Cloud Continent.
[Lopmon] Yes.
The previous battle
between us and darkness
took place in the
skies and lands
of the entire Digital World.
A digivolution!
[Lopmon] I am one
of the Mega Digimon
who led the Army of Light
known as Cherubimon.
(lightning cracking)
(somber music)
(all gasping)
And that's-
[Lopmon] The Digimon described
as the ultimate
weapon of darkness.
It's name is Millenniummon.
(energy waves firing)
(all groaning)
(waves exploding)
Millenniummon destroyed
everything in sight.
With a power beyond the
army of darkness's control.
And so we fought.
(Tai gasping)
[Tai] Angemon.
But, who is...
(Tai gasping)
(melancholic music)
They digivolved.
Only after sacrificing
everything,
did we defeat Millenniummon.
(all gasping)
(shards raining)
But complete elimination
wasn't possible,
and remnant shards rained
down on the Cloud Continent,
as well as here on
the Eternal Continent.
(continent exploding)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai gasping)
(footsteps thudding)
(lightning cracking)
(all crying)
As for the black lightning
that began to violently
strike this land,
it is the energy
from the human world
which the darkness so
desperately desires.
The ominous dark glow
that spreads by the day
becomes this Eternal
Continent's fuel.
That fuel is stored up,
and now, after
creating this energy,
it is about to be used
to power Millenniummon's dormant
shards throughout the land.
So, does that mean
Millenniummon is coming back?
I fear it's worse.
I sense something
even stronger now.
It will be the new darkness.
I no longer hold the
power I did before,
but I still have hope in
my heart because of you,
the Digi-destined,
who were able to awaken
a Mega Digivolution
from your partner.
When a Digimon's
life comes to an end,
and they are reborn again
in a different place,
their previous memories vanish
into the depths of their
souls and are lost.
The reawakening of all
my ancient memories,
normally impossible,
was made real by your
amazing digivolutions.
I have faith that you
will be able to shine
with the Celestial
Digimon's powers
and do away with darkness.
(Tai grunting)
What's up?
Something wrong, Tai?
Hey, Lopmon.
Do you think it's possible
the Celestial Digimon...
(Tai gasping)
(Bakemon growling)
(Tai and Sora gasping)
[Biyomon] They're here!
You know what to do!
Agumon digivolve to
Greymon!
Nova Blast!
Okay, Biyomon, you ready?
Biyomon digivolve to
Birdramon!
(Birdramon yelling)
(suspenseful music)
A new enemy comes.
Let us hurry.
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(Lopmon gasping)
Please give me a moment.
I know of a way to save you.
(Woodmon growling)
(suspenseful music)
(sickle clanging)
No way!
MetalPhantomon!
The Ultimate Digimon that
digivolves from Bakemon!
Greymon, are you ready?
Always.
(bright music)
Nova Blast!
(suspenseful music)
(sickle clanging)
(Greymon groaning)
(Greymon grunting)
You're fighting us, big guy!
(MetalPhantomon groaning)
(Greymon grunting)
(Tai yelling)
Greymon digivolve to
MetalGreymon!
(MetalGreymon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
All right, we're up!
Okay!
(electricity crackling)
(Sora gasping)
(sickle clanging)
Hang on tight, Sora!
[Sora] You don't have
to tell me twice!
(suspenseful music)
Please respond to my voice,
and rise from your long slumber.
(suspenseful music)
(Lopmon grunting)
(keyboard clacking)
[Izzy] I see.
The Digimon are what's
causing the satellite programs
to slowly change
their positions.
Ah, man, you've been mumbling
for a while up there.
Is everything okay?
Right now,
I'm monitoring the International
Space Station's dilemma
and hypothesizing the outcome.
According to my data,
there's trouble occurring
on all satellites in orbit.
It hasn't made the
news yet, though.
So we're the only ones who know?
[Izzy] That's right.
All weather and communication
satellites worldwide
are losing control,
and they're starting to deviate
from their orbital paths.
(machine beeping)
[Male Astronaut] The
thruster's no good.
We can't maneuver.
[Female Astronaut] I'm getting
reports of space debris
from the satellites as well.
[Male Astronaut] Why did all
of this have to happen now?
[Izzy] At the end
of all their paths
is the International
Space Station.
If they collide, they'll become
a large mass like a meteor!
And what'll happen then?
[Izzy] If my
estimate is correct,
this mass will
fall toward Earth.
There's no doubt
that parts of it
will burn up in the atmosphere,
but the bulk of it
will still make impact.
And if that crashes into Earth,
the effects would
be immeasurable!
(Izzy gasping)
[Kabuterimon] What's the matter?
It says the crash point...
It's Tokyo!
The range of damage at
the time of crash would be
catastrophic!
(suspenseful music)
All right, let's
let him have it!
[MetalGreymon] Giga Storm!
(suspenseful music)
(MetalPhantomon thudding)
We're not done.
[MetalGreymon] Oh, come on!
(suspenseful music)
He digivolved again?
(chain clanging)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(Digivice beeping)
Reapermon, a Mega Digimon!
(suspenseful music)
Perfect.
They're following us.
(suspenseful music)
Lure 'em in just a little more.
Now!
(Birdramon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(Birdramon groaning)
(Sora groaning)
(suspenseful music)
(Sora gasping)
Birdramon!
Save them!
I'll do my best, Sora.
Birdramon digivolve to
Garudamon!
(suspenseful music)
Wing Blade!
(MetalPhantomon exploding)
(suspenseful music)
(fire whooshing)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(MetalGreymon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Garudamon!
On it!
(Garudamon grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(Garudamon and Sora screaming)
(MetalGreymon screaming)
(MetalGreymon thudding)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(Tai grunting)
Okay, that hurt a little,
but we can still fight.
Right, bud?
Yeah.
(dramatic music)
(Lopmon gasping)
Giga Storm!
(dramatic music)
(MetalGreymon screaming)
[Lopmon] It's working.
This is as far as you go!
End of the line!
(Tai screaming)
(upbeat music)
MetalGreymon Mega
digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
WarGreymon!
(WarGreymon screaming)
(Lopmon gasping)
(singing in Japanese)
(air whooshing)
Terra Force!
(Reapermon exploding)
("Break the Chain" by
Takayoshi Tanimoto)
Oh, there you are!
All right!
We did it, Tai.
Yeah. (gasping)
(rumbling sound)
(Komondomon barking)
(Tai and Agumon gasping)
So the way to save everyone
is with these Digimon?
Long time no see, Komondomon.
(Komondomon barking)
In the days of the past war,
the Komondomon were our friends
who dashed across the lands,
saving the weak and helpless.
Hi, Komondomon!
Nice to meet you.
(Komondomon barking)
(somber music)
I cannot leave the Woodmon
who've taken care of me.
So I will stay here and
guide them to safety.
-Hey, Lopmon.
-Huh?
Answer me this.
The Celestial Digimon,
do you think there could
be another one out there?
Indeed.
The ones who became the key
to defeat Millenniummon.
The Celestial Digimon
refers to the two souls
who function as a pair.
[Sora] Wait, what?
[Agumon] I didn't know that.
[Sora] Then that means
there's someone else like T.K.
with the Celestial
Digimon partner?
It's Kari, isn't it?
(Lopmon grunting)
(Sora and Biyomon gasping)
[Lopmon] If that child
has been summoned
to the Digital World,
then what you say is true.
(somber music)
Komondomon, go rescue
Digimon who desire peace.
Like the Woodmon.
(Komondomon barking)
(somber music)
There are eight
Digi-destined children.
Six warrior Digimon are
paired to the children
and two Celestial Digimon.
Find them all, including the
Celestial Digimon at once.
(Sora and Biyomon chuckling)
I'm not stopping till I
save Kari from AxeKnightmon,
no matter what it takes.
You with me, Agumon?
(Agumon grunting)
Took the words right
outta my mouth.
If we can do that, it
might actually solve
all of the problems
over in our world too.
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's go!
[Agumon, Sora, And Tai] Yeah!
(cape rustling)
(Kari grunting)
I sense someone.
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the Digimon
Encyclopedia is WarGreymon!
This Mega Digimon digivolves
from MetalGreymon,
the ultimate dragon warrior
that only a true hero can reach.
[Agumon] Now check out
this cool fun fact.
[Izzy] Agumon?
[Agumon] I digivolved
to WarGreymon
and now I've got my
big boy pants on.
This armor sure is heavy.
[Izzy] You look awesome.
(electronic beeping)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Our little
hero T.K. and Patamon
make a mad dash through
the great plains.
[Tai] Next time on "Digimon
Adventure: Soaring Hope."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.